.TH midifilter 1 "August 11th, 2006" "midifilter(1)" "Klever Group (http://www.klever.net/)"
.hla en

.SH NAME

midifilter \- Standard MIDI File filter

.SH SYNOPSYS

\fBmidifilter\fR
[\fB-h\fR | \fB--help\fR | \fB--usage\fR]
[\fB-V\fR | \fB--version\fR]
[\fB-L\fR | \fB--license\fR]
[\fB-f\fR \fI<filters>\fR | \fB--filter=\fI<filters>\fR]
[\fB-l\fR | \fB--list-filters\fR]
[<input-file>[ <output-file>]]

.SH DESCRIPTION

midifilter simply strips unwanted events from the Standard MIDI File. You may
wish to strip some certain events if you know the events may break whatever
will do any further processing of the file or just to reduce file size.

if you want to load file from standard input or dump results to standard output
just omit corresponding file or specify '-'.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR, \fB--usage\fR
Display short usage message and exit.
.TP
\fB-V\fR, \fB--version\fR
Report version and exit.
.TP
\fB-L\fR, \fB--license\fR
Show licensing terms.
.TP
\fB-f\fR \fI<filters>\fR, \fB--filter=\fI<filters\fR
Specify the list of comma-separated filters to apply.
.TP
\fB-l\fR, \fB--list-filters\fR
List available filters.

.SH EXAMPLE

.TP
.nf
\fBmidi2f0\fR midifile.mid \\
| \fBmidifilter\fR \fB-f\fR \fBsysex,meta_unknown,meta_obsolete,meta_texts\fR \\
>/mnt/card/casio_md/midifile.mid
.fi

This command converts file to SMF0 file, strips events not understood and not
used by the keyboard and puts it to the memory card.

.SH EXIT STATUS

Zero in case of success, non-zero otherwise.

.SH AUTHOR

Written by Michael 'hacker' Krelin <hacker@klever.net>

.SH COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2006 Klever Group (http://www.klever.net/)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

.SH BUGS

You tell me. Send reports to <midillo-bugs@klever.net>

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBmidi2f0\fR(1)
\fBmididump\fR(1)
